# Movie-Recommendation
Few years ago, you would have to go to the Blockbuster store and buy DVDs of your favorite movies but in this day and age of the internet it’s rather the opposite, nowadays the internet allows people to access abundant resources online. There are enormous collections of movies on websites like Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, etc. People are having a hard time choosing what to watch. This is where a movie recommendation system comes in. The system works for both the new users and existing users. Let’s suppose there is a new subscriber to the service, obviously the subscriber has not watched a single movie, it recommends him/her the all time top movies. For fairly new subscribers, it takes the most recent movie the user has watched and recommends him/her movies similar to his most recent movie. For an existing subscriber, their recommendation system recommends the subscriber new movies that other users, who have similar taste. This way the movie recommendation system addresses both new and existing users. Our aim is to build a similar hybrid movie recommendation system that implements both content based filtering and collaborative filtering. We will do this using Natural Language Processing and Neural Networks.

# PROBLEM DESCRIPTION
We are using MI-20M: This Dataset ml-20m describes 5 star rating and free -text tagging activity from Movielens, a movie recommendation service. Contains 20000263 ratings and 465564 tag applications across 27278 movies. These data were created by 138493 users between January 09, 1995 and March 31, 2015. The data are contained in six files - genome -
scores.csv, genome-tags.csv, links.csv, movies.csv, ratings.csv and tags.csv. This dataset is only good enough for collaborative Filtering method but is not good enough for
content-based recommendation system.So, we used ImdbPY to get additional information like the director’s name, plot and cast. The ImdbPY is a python package for extracting and managing the data of the IMDB database.As it consists of movies, directors, cast, plot etc, this additional information can be helpful for suggesting movies to new users or users who have rated less movies
